Now we are going to need one more page.
So let's send a sign up request.
So sending a sign up for, let's say a user, 200 or 200 at Malcolm.
Password and password.
Now clicking the sign up and here we are seeing this success message saying, please check your email
to activate your account.
The account you will find in the resources of this course is not really sending an email, but it is
printing the link for the account activation.
So if you check the console of the the back end, you will see a message, something like this.
So it is saying open this URL to activate your account.
So we will need a page.
Activate page on the client and similar to the user page, it will have this dynamic part which is the
token for the account activation.
So we will have this activate page with this activation token.
So let's create that one first.
Let's add the test for it and I'm going to add the test right here.
Let's give a descriptive name for the array right here.
This is for, let's say, routing tests.
So we have these pads and corresponding pages and let's copy the user page objects here pasting after
those.
So we will have activate URL and basically the activation path will be dynamic.
So it's going to be something like this one, two, three, four and we are going to see activation
page.
This is the test ID we are going to use in the component.
And let's say we will have another URL like this, four, five, six.
And again, we are going to see the activation page.
So moving karma to the front.
Let's save this one.
And the these tests are failing.
Displaced Activation page.
So both activation pages are failing because we don't have the component yet.
So let's create that one.
And for creating again using G g.
Component and name of the component is actuate and we will need test files because we will add the functionality
to it, but we don't need CCIS.
So going with the nine style.
And here we see the components are created and the module is updated going back to the code.
Now let's update the the activation activate component and let's open the home component as well.
I'm just going to copy this template and paste the error.
This is for activate.
Activation Activation page and let's name it activation page.
The account activation page is ready, but it's not added to the router module yet.
So we will have another definition here that's for activate and we will have this dynamic ID and for
the component, we are going to use the ACTIVATE component.
So let's save this one.
Again, the tests are passing, but let's make sure we declare this in component spec as well right
here.
Adding Activate component.
Saving it.
And it has our passing.
So if we.
Open this link.
Just copying this one.
And test it on bigger windows like this.
So if I just paste this thing here, the activation page is open at the moment.
This is not doing anything, but the navigation is working.
And since the tests are pretty straightforward, I'm just going to add the gist version of the test
as well.
So opening the app component just as and we are going to have.
Activate.
One, two, three.
Activate four, five, six.
So this is for activation page and we need to add the components to the declarations right here.
By the way, I forget to add the user page or login page here.
So just adding those user page, these are component logging component and activate component.
And I just want to check this one here.
So I also forget that one in the user component is also missing in the karma test user component.
Just formatting this document now it is visible and doing the same thing here.
So just saving these changes.
The justices are pressing and the committees are pressing as well.